Feat/rework cli (#506)
mlco2/codecarbon: docs/edit/usage.rst

If you want to track the emissions of a computer without having to modify your code, you can use the command line interface:

Create a minimal configuration file (just follow the prompts)

.. code-block:: console

  codecarbon config --init  

Start monitoring the emissions of the computer
.. code-block:: console

    codecarbon monitor  

You have to stop the monitoring manually with ``Ctrl+C``.

In the following example you will see how to use the CLI to monitor all the emissions of you computer and sending everything 

> to an API running on localhost:8008 (that you can start with the docke-compose)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to an API running on "https://api.codecarbon.io" (Or you can start a private local API with "docke-compose up")
```
